S-n"Allspice"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Anise"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Annotto"-c"113"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Asafetida"-c"75"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Cardamom"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Cassia"-c"75"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Chiles"-c"38"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. An ounce of this, ground to a powder and scattered in the user’s path, will make anyone tracking him by scent have afit of sneezing (see p. B428). Afterward, the tracker must makea HT roll at -3 or have to stop tracking for an hour while his sense of smell recovers from overload."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Cinnamon"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. This spice is a well-known aphrodisiac. Consuming anounce imposes -1 on any rolls to resist Lecherousness andseduction attempts for the next hour."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Clove"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Coriander"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. If an ounce of this is consumed within an hour before ingesting a poison, the user is at +1 to HT rolls to resist."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Cumin"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Dwarven Savory Fungus"-c"75"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. This spice is useful for strengthening the blood andspeeding healing. Consuming an ounce a day gives +1 to daily HT rolls to recover lost HP."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Elven Pepperbark"-c"38"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Faerie Glimmerseed"-c"270"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. This spice is highly prized, but the consumer of an ounce or more is at -1 to resist any mind-reading or mind-control attempts made in the next hour."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Fennel"-c"75"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Fenugreek"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Ginger"-c"38"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. This spice aids digestion; an ounce acts as a treatment to resist nausea (see p. B428) for an hour."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Halfing Savory"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. This spice is useful for strengthening the blood and speeding healing. Consuming an ounce a day gives +1 to daily HT rolls to recover lost HP."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Huajiao (Szechuan Pepper)"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. An ounce of this, ground to a powder and scattered in the user’s path, will make anyone tracking him by scent have a fit of sneezing (see p. B428). Afterward, the tracker must makea HT roll at -3 or have to stop tracking for an hour while his sense of smell recovers from overload."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Mace"-c"225"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Mustard"-c"38"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Nigella"-c"75"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. This spice balances humors and helps stabilize mood. Consuming an ounce gives +1 to resist sudden bursts of anger and rage, including the Berserk and Bloodlust disadvantages,for an hour."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Nutmeg"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Onion Seed"-c"38"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Orchish Firegrain"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. This is a very mild stimulant. Anyone who ingests an ounce is at +1 to HT to resist poisons that cause unconsciousness or fatigue damage for the next hour."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Pepper, Black"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. An ounce of this, ground to a powder and scattered in the user’s path, will make anyone tracking him by scent have afit of sneezing (see p. B428). Afterward, the tracker must makea HT roll at -3 or have to stop tracking for an hour while his sense of smell recovers from overload."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Pepper, White"-c"188"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. An ounce of this, ground to a powder and scattered inthe user’s path, will make anyone tracking him by scent have a fit of sneezing (see p. B428). Afterward, the tracker must make a HT roll at -3 or have to stop tracking for an hour while his sense of smell recovers from overload."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Poppy Seed"-c"38"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Saffron"-c"300"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Salt"-c"15"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. Tossing an ounce of salt gives clerics +1 to cast TurnZombie and to Will rolls for True Faith to turn zombies."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Salt, Black"-c"38"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. Tossing an ounce of salt gives clerics +1 to cast TurnZombie and to Will rolls for True Faith to turn zombies."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Salt, Red"-c"38"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. Tossing an ounce of salt gives clerics +1 to cast TurnZombie and to Will rolls for True Faith to turn zombies."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Sumac"-c"38"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Tamarind"-c"15"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Tumeric"-c"38"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions. This spice has antiseptic properties. Using an ounce of it while dressing wounds gives +1 to First Aid."-q"1d/2"
S-n"Zeodary"-c"150"-w"1"-t"oz"-d"Spice, a lightweight trading good with relatively high value. Alchemists who are short on cash but have spices can use their value offset half the cost of raw materials when making their own potions."-q"1d/2"